<br>Assignment Remit<br>Programme Title <br>B.Sc. Business Management/ International Business <br>Module Title <br>Managing Financial Resources <br>Module Code <br>32428 <br>Assignment Title <br>Management Accounting System <br>Level <br>4 <br>Weighting <br>50% <br>Hand Out Date <br>24/03/2025 <br>Deadline Date  Time <br>12/05/2025 <br>12pm <br>Feedback Post Date <br>16th working day after the deadline date <br>Assignment Format <br>Report <br>Assignment Length <br>1000 words <br>Submission Format <br>Online <br>Individual <br>Module Learning Outcomes: <br>This assignment   is designed to   assess the following   module   learning outcomes.   Your   submission will   be   marked   using the Grading   Criteria given   in the   section   below.<br>LO 5.   Evaluate the   use of management accounting   in the   operation   of   business   entities.<br>LO 6.   Explain   how   management accounting   relates to financial accounting and   its   relevance   for financial   markets.<br>LO 7. Apply appropriate accounting techniques to a   range   of   management tasks.<br>LO 8.   Demonstrate   understanding of the nature of profit   and   cost,   giving attention   to   cash,   cost   behaviour,   overheads, contribution, and opportunity cost.<br>LO 9.   Extend the application of management techniques to   an   analysis   of   business   cases.<br>LO   10.   Describe the various sources of finance available to   business ventures   in general and   limited   companies in   particular.<br>Assignment: <br>You are required to write a 1,000-word report answering the following sets of questions. (Note:          there   is   no allowance for exceeding   the word   count.)<br>Part 1 (48 marks) <br>Whirl-shine   Ltd designs   and   manufactures   a   range   of dishwashing   machines.   Below   is   an analysis of   their   products   based on their current absorption   costing   system.<br><br>Model <br>Dom <br>washer <br>Econ <br>washer <br>Indus <br>washer <br>Budgeted annual sales   and production Volume in units <br>100,000 <br>30,000 <br>5,000 <br><br>£/unit <br>£/unit <br>£/unit <br>Selling price <br>400 <br>700 <br>2,000 <br>Direct material <br>150 <br>350 <br>950 <br>Direct labour (2, 3, 5 hours x £60/ hour) <br>120 <br>150 <br>300 <br>The   production overhead   is estimated at   £16,000,000 for the   period   and   is   absorbed   on   a   direct   labour   hours   basis.<br>The Dom washer model is designed for home use, catering to a highly   price-sensitive market.   In contrast,   the    Econ   washer   and   the    Indus   washer    models    are   intended   for    restaurants   and   other   commercial   caterers, where   reliability   and   service   are   as   important   as   price. The   Dom washer   and   Econ washer   are   standard products produced in large batches, while the   Indus washer model offers customisable options   and   is   made to order   based on customer specifications.<br>The   Chief   Executive   has   proposed focusing   on   boosting   sales   of the   Econ washer   and the   Indus washer   models, as they are the most profitable and the Indus washer model enhances the company’s reputation   for high-quality products.   However, the Finance Director   recommended   implementing an   activity-based   costing   (ABC)   system   before   deciding   which   products   to   promote.   To   support   this,   the   Management   Accountant    provided    the    following    analysis    of      the      company’s      budgeted      production      overhead      and   activities for the year:<br>Cost pool <br>Production overhead (£) <br>Cost driver <br>Purchasing <br>2,500,000 <br>Purchasing Orders <br>Machining <br>4,500,000 <br>Machine Hours <br>Production Set-up <br>3,500,000 <br>Batches Produced <br>Assembly <br>5,500,000 <br>Direct Labour Hours <br>Total <br>16000000 <br><br><br><br>Budgeted activity <br>Dom washer <br>Econ <br>washer <br>Indus <br>washer <br>Purchasing Orders <br>1600 <br>550 <br>350 <br>Machine Hours <br>0.5 <br>1 <br>4 <br>Batches Produced <br>200 <br>100 <br>150 The       Management       Accountant       commented       that,       although       an       ABC       system       can       produce       useful   information, they would   need to   be   careful   in   how they   use   the   unit   costs   that   are   produced,   as   this   is   not   always the   best way of   looking 代 写32428 Managing Financial ResourcesPython
程序  at   cost   information.<br>Required <br>You   are   reminded that   marks   are available for clear,   labelled workings<br>a)          Calculate   the   Overhead   Absorption   Rate   (OAR)   using the   absorption   costing   approach.       (3   marks)<br>b)          Calculate,   using   the   absorption   costing   approach,   for   each   of   the   three   products<br>i.          The   production   overhead   cost   per unit   (to   the   nearest   £0.01).<br>ii.          the   full   cost   per   unit   (to   the   nearest   £0.01)        (8   marks)<br>c) Calculate the   cost   driver rates   for   each   element   of   the   cost pool.        (12 marks)<br>d) Calculate, using   an   activity-based   costing   approach,   for   each   of   the three products:<br>i.                                        the   total   annual   overhead   cost<br>ii.                                  the   overhead   cost   per   unit   (to   the   nearest   £0.01)<br>iii.                               the   full   cost   per   unit   (to   the   nearest   £0.01)           (12 marks)<br>e) Discuss to   what    extent   the   implementation   of an   ABC    system   could   benefit   Whirl-shine   Ltd.   You   should   use   the   information   in   the    scenario   to    support   your    answer.    (note   you    should    use   Harvard   Referencing)        (13 marks)<br>Part 2 (47 marks) In   March,   Brush   Ltd.’s   director   is considering two   mutually exclusive   investment   projects. The      projects   relate to the   purchase   of   a   new   plant. The following   data are available for   each   of   the   projects:<br><br>Project 1 <br>£'000 Project 2 <br>£'000 <br>Cost (immediate Outlay) <br>1000 <br>900 <br>Expected annual Operating Profit/(loss) Year 1 <br>300 <br>180 <br>Year 2 <br>-50 <br>-20 <br>Year 3 <br>75 <br>40 <br>Year 4 <br>180 <br>80 <br>Estimated residual value of the plant after 4 years <br>100 <br>80 The   business   has an   estimated   cost   of capital of   10%.   It   calculates operating   profits   using   the   straight-line depreciation   method for all   non-current assets.   Neither   project would   increase         the working capital of the   business. The   business   has sufficient   funds   to   meet   all   investment      expenditure   requirements.<br>The   director   of   Brush   Ltd   has   asked you to appraise these   projects and   report   on the   following:<br>a)       Explain what   information   the   investment   appraisal   techniques   listed   below   provide   and   how they   help   decision-making. (note: you should use peer-reviewed sources   and   reference your work   using Harvard referencing).   (15 marks)<br>b)       Calculate for   each of   the   projects.<br>I.                   The   Net   Present Value   (NPV)   (6 marks)<br>II.                   The   Internal   Rate   of   Return   (IRR)   (6 marks)<br>III.                   The   Payback   period   (PBP)   (6 marks)<br>c)       State, with   reasons,   which,   if   any   of the   two   investment   projects, the   director   of   Brush<br>Ltd should   accept   and why.   (support your reasons   with appropriate citations)   (14 marks)<br>Please   note there are   up to 5 Marks allocated   for the   appendix   clearly   showing   how   GenAI   was   or was   not   used<br>Grading Criteria / Marking Rubric <br>Your submission will   be graded according to the following   criteria:<br>a)       The grades will   reflect your   knowledge to   conforming to   instructions   where   you   will   be   expected to:<br>Referencing: you should acknowledge the sources   you   have   used   in the   text   and reference list and used effectively to support discussion and these references should follow the Harvard referencing protocol. <br>b)       The   Content   and   range   of   knowledge   displayed   should   demonstrate   a   detailed,<br>systematic,   in-depth,   theoretically   informed knowledge base,   with   some   appreciation   of   the provisional   nature   of   knowledge.<br>c)       Your   Conclusions   should be   well-developed,   and   analytical,   use   appropriate   forms   of   conceptualisation,   and   show   some   originality.   They   are thoroughly   grounded   in theory/evidence/literature.   They   form   an   integrated   part   of   the   overall argument/discussion.<br><br><br><br><br>加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
